# punch

A simple timesheet programm written in Rust with a command line interface. Uses SQLite as the storage backend.

Related tools:

- [Watson](https://github.com/TailorDev/Watson)
- [Timewarrior](https://timewarrior.net/)

# Commands

## start

Starts a new timeslice. Only one timeslice is allowed to be running.

`punch start my-project`

## stop

Stops a previously started timeslice:

`punch stop`

## log

Log all timeslices grouped by day:

`punch log`

## summarize

Summarizes timeslices by project and day including a break down by tag:

`punch summarize`

## import

Import frames generated by watson. Watson uses a simple json format to store data:

`punch import ~/.config/watson/frames`

# Todo

- [ ] add `status` command
- [ ] limit output of `log` to 1w by default
- [ ] add option for `log` to show all recorded slices
- [ ] limit output of `summarize` to 1w by default
- [ ] add option for `summarize` to aggregate over all slices
- [ ] add more grouping modes for `summarize`: week, month, year
- [ ] add a way to edit existing slices (start/stop/tags)

# Done

- [x] follow https://specifications.freedesktop.org/basedir-spec/basedir-spec-latest.html for default db file
- [x] add colored output
- [x] add n2n relation timeslice <==> tag
- [x] import tags from watson frames
- [x] add start command
- [x] add stop command
- [x] add command / output similar to `watson log`
- [x] use clap to define commands
- [x] add import command

# License

Copyright (C) 2020 Philipp Stucki

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU Affero General Public License as published
by the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
GNU Affero General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU Affero General Public License
along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
